hey what's up you guys whose XP I'll
bring you another batman arkham origins
video and i've already kind of done
about two videos on this expanded dlc
storyline but someone has personal
message me today on youtube as you're
about to see right now
and he says coming from GI joe review he
says hey huge fan of your videos keep up
the good work
but I was wondering on the extended dlc
that's coming up for Batman I personally
think that having a Suicide Squad would
be too huge for a DLC and that it should
be saved for the next game in your
personal opinion do you think that they
would go more for a Batgirl DLC or Robin
PS could you possibly do a response of
it to this question which is what I'm
doing for you right now GOG overview so
let's talk about this I've already
basically made a video explaining why I
would like to be a Robin expanded DLC
and then I've made a video explaining
why it could have possibly been a
Suicide Squad expanded DLC now what I
want to talk about is Batgirl in the
story mode Barbara Gordon actually does
make an appearance as a little cameo and
some really key moments with Batman in
the game why this is so important these
key moments is because it very heavily
inspires her becoming Batgirl
now these key moments that I'm talking
about minor spoilers ahead if you
haven't beaten the story yet but um
within the story I believe there's a
point in which you do a side mission
where you have to help her I might be
wrong I believe that's what it is but um
yeah even so there is a moment in the
game where they kind of talk to each
other and Barbara Gordon kind of asked
Batman he's like why do you do what you
do you know and it's very key because it
just it just shows that she kind of
envies this dude and she she she wants
to be the protector that he is and she
supports who Batman is and what he does
for Gotham and that is very very heavily
inspired on her becoming Batgirl now how
this expand
DLC would work out well obviously would
have to take place after the events of
Arkham City and Arkham Asylum due to her
appearance in Arkham City being Oracle
where you know Barbara Gordon has
already been in a wheelchair she's
already been paralyzed by the Joker now
what would be cool is if this DLC
started out with showing the Joker
paralyzing her that would be incredible
it would be intense it would be an
absolutely amazing throwback to the
comics I would love to see the pages
come to life and it would just be
top-notch writing and very well done so
the opening would be something like a
cutscene of her getting shot in the back
to the point where she is paralyzed and
then it kind of progresses a couple
years you see Arkham City happened and
whatnot and she's okay eventually
because obviously she does get the
ability to walk again and with that she
wants to become Batgirl and she does and
then you get to play as her you get to
do some sort of like two hours story
mode DLC kind of thing here but yeah it
would be just cool the storytelling
would be great the introduction of
Batgirl to the Arkham universe would be
awesome and we can even get some other
cameos in there too like Nightwing can
show up Robin can show up obviously
Batman is but I don't know how that
would work is because maybe like this
this is what this is kind of pauses me
all right so we got Roger Craig Smith
voicing Batman in Arkham origins but the
the point of him voicing Batman is that
he's supposed to sound young so is Kevin
Conroy coming back for this expanded DLC
is this what Kevin Conroy was talking
about when he said that he was working
on an Arkham game for the past nine
months does this mean that we are going
to get the Arkham like the the Batgirl
DLC that takes place after Arkham City
where Kevin Conroy he's gonna voice
Batman again as for Joker
I am completely fine with Troy Baker
continuing to voice him even in this
expanded DLC because he sounds almost
identical to Mark Hamill but what are
your thoughts on this down
what would you think of a Batgirl DLC
for Arkham origins tell me your thoughts
down below in the comments on caboose
xbl hope this helped GI Joe review and
see you guys later